Add DisableAddShortcutsToOneDrive (#8139)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOTenant.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAddShortcutsToOneDrive 

> When the feature is disabled ($true), the command to [add shortcuts](https://support.microsoft.com/office/add-shortcuts-to-shared-folders-in-onedrive-for-work-or-school-d66b1347-99b7-4470-9360-ffc048d35a33) will be removed; any folders that have already been added will remain on the user's computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the feature is disabled ($true), the option [Add shortcut to My files](https://support.microsoft.com/office/add-shortcuts-to-shared-folders-in-onedrive-for-work-or-school-d66b1347-99b7-4470-9360-ffc048d35a33) will be removed; any folders that have already been added will remain on the user's computer.
```
